[Music]
[Applause]
hello its Ruby and welcome to vlogmas
day 11 I really hope that you are having
a wonderful and productive day and I
really hope that you enjoy today's
compilation of time lapses it's
basically a study with me today which I
know I haven't shared for such a long
time but the first thing I needed to do
is just tidy up my room a bit and also
unpack from our trip to Copenhagen which
you will know we went well basically we
went away for the weekend and I showed
this in the last three days of vlogmas
so my room is very very messy so it was
in great need of a tidy and after I'd
done that I got started with work for
the day so the first thing I did was
look through this powerpoint which one
of our lecturers had shared with us so
if you're interested we were basically
looking at liberation theology and
politics and religion in our most recent
lecture and this PowerPoint showed some
depictions of the Stations of the Cross
but from a Latin American hermeneutic it
was by Esquivel oh it's incredible
incredible artwork and it makes a really
important political book and then there
were a few other resources which had
been shared with us so I just decided to
do all of the contemporary ones so I
looked at the news stories and watched a
few different videos this one
specifically was very interesting it was
a speech from Obama on the Bible and the
role of the Bible in America and I also
looked at this blog which was
recommended and I've bookmarked this
actually so the next thing I decided to
do is just go and make some evidence and
argument flashcards so that I could
finish off all of them and then I would
have all of the content down on
flashcards because it's the primary way
that I am revising for this module but
actually funnily enough I made these
flashcards and then I realized that
three of them were duplicates of ones
I'd already made so apparently I was
more at off with my flashcards than I
expected myself to be but nonetheless I
did get some good information down and
it meant that I could review those
flashcards
more I guess so it wasn't waste of time
and then the next thing I did was quite
simple but I just decided to do some
research into some vegan recipes for a
studio Christmas lunch we were planning
for the following evening and then I
decided to write some Christmas cards I
love writing Christmas cards and so I
just decided to write some here
so the people on my corridor decided to
go food shopping now so I went to and we
got all the things that we needed for
the Christmas lunch and then I had a
lecture in the afternoon so I went to
that and since I like to sit at the
front of my lectures you could actually
see me in the recap recording I realized
the first time I've actually picked up
the vlogging camera today that's because
I meant to make today a study with me
video but I didn't actually end up
filming one with the studying I did I
felt I feel most of it there to be fair
but then I went out food shopping and I
spent a lot more time chatting with the
people on my corridor than I anticipated
just in general that was a lot of my day
and so I basically just finished editing
vlogmas day 7 some a few days behind but
I think four days behind isn't too bad
I'm now actually gonna quickly write
some Christmas cards and then I'm gonna
try and get an early night because I'm
hoping to make up early tomorrow so that
I can have a really productive start to
my study day I've got a lecture at 10:30
but and then I'm going to a Carol
concert and then I'm having a Christmas
dinner but other than that the day is
free to study which I'm gonna try and do
I'm gonna put you on time-lapse and then
I will just quickly feel me doing some
Christmas cards
[Music]
I hope that you in some way enjoyed this
vlog and I hope that you have a
productivity